Release v2.0.0 (#31)
precice/dumux-adapter: CHANGELOG.md

# DuMuX-preCICE change log

## v2.0.0

> - 2023-08-10: Updated the adapter to align with preCICE V3. Updated the examples accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2023-08-10: Updated the adapter to be compatible with preCICE v3.0.0. Updated the examples too.
```
